Modified README.md for clarification purposes (#166)
Azure/azure-orbital-integration: tcp-to-blob/README.md

3. Ensure docker is running.
4. `cd tcp-to-blob`
5. Create `.env/env-<name_prefix>.sh` environment file as described above.

> 6. `. .env/env-<name_prefix>.sh` - It should look like nothing happened in the termimal; this is GOOD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. `source ./.env/env-<name_prefix>.sh` - It should look like nothing happened in the terminal; this is GOOD.
```

Reviewer: Adding the recommendation above as this is something @srajtiwari called out in another PR. This will help provide context as to what the command is doing.
